Uh-huh (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Sipping codeine, in love with the medicine (Uh-huh, yeah)
I need codeine, in love with the medicine (Yeah, yeah)
I'ma sip 'til I get an impediment (Yeah, yeah)
Ballin' hard, I think I need letterman (Oh-oh)
Uh-huh, uh (Let's go, let's go)

I need codeine, in love with the medicine (What else?)
I'ma sip 'til I get an impediment (What else?)
I'ma ball 'til they get me a letterman (What еlse?)
At the door, knockin' in, bettеr let me in (What else?)
Scooby-Doo as a kid, I was meddling (What else?)
Kobe Bryant, the Rock, I was handlin' (What the fuck else?)
I won't fuck on a bitch if she scandalous (What the fuck else?)
Tear this shit up, I'll show you what a vandal is (What the fuck else?)

I'm a victim of father abandonement (On God)
As a bastard, I had to go get this shit (On God)
As a bastard, I glowed up, I'm rich as shit (On God)
Stunt on a goofy nigga, it's embarrassing (Yeah, yeah)
Hit new Lenox, I'm finna Burberry it (On God)
Fill a Louis bag with money, then bury it (On God)
Catch a body, bag it up and I bury it (On God)
Niggas is bitches, on they Tyler Perry shit (Yeah)
Gotta expose 'em, yeah, yeah, yeah (Uh)
Shoot and reload it, yeah, yeah, yeah (Uh-huh, grrah)
He a ho and he know it, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
So I had to show 'em, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Codeine, I'ma pour it, yeah, yeah, yeah (What else?)
With these words, I'm a poet, yeah, yeah, yeah (What else?)
With these words, I'm a poet, poet (Yeah)
Fuck all that talkin', let's do it (Yeah)
I don't drink beer, but I brew 'em (Yeah)
"Homina-homina," when I fuck her
Good brain but she stupid (Yeah)
Raw dog with no rubber (Yeah)
My nigga say I'm fuckin' her stupid (Yeah)
Guess I'm young and stupid (Yeah)
After I nut, make her shuffle like cupid (Yeah, what else?)
Or an iPod switchin' up music (Yeah, what else?)

I need codeine, in love with the medicine (What else?)
I'ma sip 'til I get an impediment (What else?)
I'ma ball 'til they get me a letterman (What else?)
At the door, knockin' in, better let me in (What else?)
Scooby-Doo as a kid, I was meddling (What else?)
Kobe Bryant, the Rock, I was handlin' (What the fuck else?)
I won't fuck on a bitch if she scandalous (What the fuck else?)
Tear this shit up, I'll show you what a vandal is (What the fuck else?)

I'm high off of them ground clouds, chasin' (For real)
These hoes go around clout chasin' (For real)
Perc and molly mixed got my heart racing (Yeah)
I don't think I'ma never come down from this (No, no, no, no)
She wanna fuck with my team, she an animal (Yeah)
Won't eat her out even though I'm a cannibal (Yeah)
Her friend on the other hand, her friend is edible (Yeah)
I ate her out and the pussy taste incredible (Yeah)
Beat up the box like I'm Mr. Incredible (Yeah)
Or maybe Mike Tyson, I'm Mr. Impeccable (Ya' dig?)
I remember eating Ramen and Lunchables (Whew)
Now I throw Ruth Chris' away like it's Lunchables (Rich)
Magazine on the AK, it's bananas (Grrah)
I got it for niggas that don't mind their manners (Grrah)
Pull up in that Phantom, feel like Danny Phantom (Skrt)
My drip super radical, it'll dismantle you (Yeah)
She told me she wanna fuck on a nigga (Uh)
Don't ride on something that you cannot handle (Uh)
Slurp this dick like soup, no Campbells (Uh)
After that, pour up a four of the Fanta (Lean)

I need codeine, in love with the medicine (What else?)
I'ma sip 'til I get an impediment (What else?)
I'ma ball 'til they get me a letterman (What else?)
At the door, knockin' in, better let me in (What else?)
Scooby-Doo as a kid, I was meddling (What else?)
Kobe Bryant, the Rock, I was handlin' (What the fuck else?)
I won't fuck on a bitch if she scandalous (What the fuck else?)
Tear this shit up, I'll show you what a vandal is (What the fuck else?)