Hey girl, thanks for coming to pick me up
No problem, so what made you come back to Chicago
Just visiting my mama
She okay?
Yeah, she good
So, by the way, Juice called me, why you not gonna see him?
I don't know, I just got a lot on my mind

Why you never come to where I stay?
You was over there, but you came to Chicago (Just got a lot on my mind)
Why you never come to where I stay?
Yeah, you say you a foreign so I called that a Murcielago
Why am I tweaking on niggas that be on they basic shit?
Please do not fall for these niggas, they be on they basic shit
Please do not fuck with these niggas, just get on your race and shit
Forget all these pussy ass niggas, just get on the race and shit
I held all this basic shit like

You was over there, but you came to Chicago
Why you never come to where I stay? (Just got a lot on my mind)
You say you Foreign so I called that a Murcielago
Why am I tweaking on niggas that be on they basic shit? (Just got a lot on my mind)

Look, why you never come where I stay?
We can go here, we can drive to Chicago
Why you never come to where I stay?
When I get this record deal, baby I'ma get me a Murcielago
I don't really know bout no fucking relationship
But me and this money, I swear we got the best relationship
I'm looking for me a new girl I can have me relations with
'Cause you know that is some of my favorite shit, goddamn

You was over there but you came to Chicago
Why you never come to where I stay (Just got a lot on my mind)
You say you Foreign so I called that a Murcielago
Why am I tweaking on niggas that be on they basic shit? (Just got a lot on my mind)
Please do not fall for these niggas they be on they basic shit (Girl, girl)

Twisted, I-I swear my vision is twistin'
I, I hope you hear just to listen
I hope I shine and I glisten
I know my niggas be ballin'
Just like a pivot
I want you baby, I don't got no hoes, I don't do none of that pimpin', yeah
But I'm ballin' like Pippen, yeah
Say you like others
Well, I beg to differ, let's take down some liquor
Break this down quicker
Break down this swisher, yeah
Get in our feelings
Count to this money
Count up our winnings
I love smoking weed with you, Lord forgive me, yeah

Why you never come to where I stay?
None of these niggas fuckin' with we
Smoking this grass
Sky in the 
Why you never come to where I stay?