You know, sometimes you gotta put that gun down (Right?)
And pick that pen up (Right?)
And show these motherfuckers what's up (Right?)
If you try me, I'll still kill your ass though
Crazy

Lost my mind a couple weeks ago (I'm crazy!)
Ooh, I'ma get to tweakin', ho (Grrrah!)
Yeah
Fuck around, I leave you leakin', ho (For real)
I ain't talking 'bout shootin', I throw them hands and knock you down (Ha!)
And that's just how I live (Yeah)
We'll run through your crib
And that's how it is (Yeah)
I ain't never gave no fuck, I ain't never gave no shit (Right)
I'm in arenas fuck, screaming "Fuck the world" in this bitch
I say my name is JuiceTheKidd (What else)
Freestylin' on this shit (What else)
I be swimmin' through that pussy
Freestylin' in yo' bitch (Bitch)
Got a problem? Come and get it, 'cause I swear I'm finna fix it
I'm a motherfuckin' magician, I make niggas go missin'
I swear I see these visions (Huh)
I been ballin' like a Piston (I swish)
Leave that bullshit on the side, like you benching Scottie Pippen (Sit down)
And you know I'm finna get it
I'll be rippin out they innards (Yeah)
60 seconds, 60 shots, have em' dead in a minute (He gone)
And I ain't shoot shit, but I know niggas that'll kill (Bow)
No Fresh Prince, bitch, but put the shit in your will (For real)
It's a freestyle for real, I ain't write shit for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm the shit out the ass, I'm getting wiped, shit for real (Ugh)
That's how I fuckin' feel (Yeah)
I pop em' like a molly, shit, like I fuck with pills (Rolling)
I roll em' like the Swisher
No Loud Pack (Huh)
You niggas know you ain't bout that (At all)
I promise you that I'ma keep it real (For real)
But first and foremost, I gotta keep this shit trill (For real)
Tell you how I feel (For real)
I keep it a hunnid
And you know I got you running, track
When them bullets coming

You saying, I won't shoot shit though
On some real shit, I don't
But, my niggas'll leave your ass in the damn dirt
On my momma
I'm fuckin' crazy
I lost my fuckin' mind, I really did!

Shit
Now it's getting trill
For real
Servin' this shit, no Happy Meal
Fuck how you feel, fuck all your feelings, we run in this, building, the weapons concealed and they makin' the killin'
It's funny how niggas just killed to make them a living
Yeah
Every day, I pray to Lord for their forgiveness (I need it!)
Think I need to win this, you think that I'm kidding then taste on that Smith I swear I'm that nigga, I swear I'm enigma
Shoot for the stars, got my hand on that trigger
Talkin' that shit, that's okay, I'ma get em'
Told you my niggas be in it for real
It's a drill, we be monkeying with these gorillas (Apes)
'Cause life is a jungle (Yeah!)
I know I got talent, but bitch, it's a balance, I'm feeling so humble (I'm so fuckin' confident!)
These niggas say that they got stacks, I'm running around 'till they fumble (Huh?)
I swear, not today, nigga, no Mutombo (Get out my house!)
All of my niggas be in it for real (Yeah)
Don't give a fuck how you feel (Yeah)
Talking that shit, you get killed (Yeah)
Whip out the gun, bitch, I'ma beat you to death
Crazy, I told you I'm not stable, I'm not still
Freestylin' off this dome, I make hits, and then break hits (Yeah)
All my niggas be too gone
Whoo!
Pussy nigga, can't fuck with me (At all!)
Roll em' up, and I light em' up, and then ash his ass
Sour D, that's strong (yeah)
I want my money like Monopoly, I want my mansion like Metropolis (Woo, woo!)
And ain't another nigga toppin' this
And ain't another nigga stoppin' this (At all)
Your girl is slobbin' on my hockey stick (God damn)
I swear to god she wanna kick it, but I told her I was never on no soccer shit (At all)
She givin' brain just like a graduate (God damn)
My cash, it gambles like some poker chips (Whoo!)
I swear to God my middle finger's up, screaming "fuck you and your damn associates" (Fuck 'em)
It's over with

Bitch
Fuck you!
I just freestyled on that bitch
I'm fuckin' crazy, man
JuiceTheKidd mixtape coming out soon
Ah
Fuck, fuck yeah
I'm fuckin' crazy