Ayy, ayy (Ayy, ayy)
Who are you, who are you?
Ayy, ayy ayy
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy)
Ayy (Ayy, ayy)
Bitch, who are you?
Bitch (Who are you?)
Bitch (Who are you?)
 beats
Ayy, ayy

Who are you, who are you? (Who are you?)
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy, bitch)
You better get a clue, you better get a clue
Who are you, who are you? (Who are you, who are you?)
Who are you, who are you?
You think you are different but damn, I met a few of you (I met a few of you)
You think you that nigga, damn, I killed a few of you (I killed a few of you, damn)
Who are you, who are you? (Who are you?)
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy, bitch)
Who are you, who are you? (Who are you?)
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy)

Who are you, who are you?
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy)
This shit is old to me, this shit is old to me, it may be new to you
This shit ain't true to me I bet it's true to you
Run up on me show you what I'ma do to you
I am that nigga man, ayy, blow like a ceiling fan
You are a silly man, like I'm Meek Milly I pop like a wheelie, man
I am for really man, you are a silly man
Try me if you think I'm playin', I do you like I came from Philly, man
I am too trill, poppin' these pills, I'm tryna live
Pray to the God, I'm not a God, I don't forgive
I got them goonies, I send them niggas, straight to your crib
They kill you all, including the baby, his blood on the bib

Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy, bitch)
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy, bitch)
You better get a clue, you better get a clue

Who are you, who are you?
I keep on finessin' you
I am the God at this, I keep on blessin' you
Niggas be failin', 'cause, I keep on testin' you
I feel like I am a gym, I keep on flexin' you
I am the best and you know it, I get the drank and I pour it
I get the gun and I show it, run up you know that I'm blowin'
All of my niggas be totin', you talkin' stupid we catch you in the open
I kept finessin' the plug, 'cause, I am in love with the drugs
I am addicted, I am addicted, boy you know what's up
Talkin' that shit, I run up on you that shotty hold hella them slugs

Ayy, ayy, ayy
Who are you, who are you? (Ayy, ayy)